
Day 1: 03/01/2021 Monday

Q. What is Spring Framework and why it is used?
A. the Spring Framework provides a comprehensive prog
   and configuration model for modern Java-based enterprise
   applications - on any kind of deployment platform

Q. Why is Spring framework so popular?
A. The Spring Framework became prominent in the market dur to basic
   Spring framework features, which are its modularity. That is, it can be
   divided into different modules, each serving their own functionality

Q. What is the main principle for Spring Framework?
A. Spring Framework is based on two design principles u
   - Dependency Injection
   - Aspect Oriented Programming

Q. What is Spring Framework and how it works?
A. At its core, Spring framework is really just a dependency injection
   container, with a couple of convenience layers (think: database access
   proxies, aspect-oriented prog, RPC, a web MVC framework) added on top.
   It helps you build Java application faster and more conveniently.




Q. Why is Spring framework developed?
A. Spring is the most popular application development framework for enterprise Java
   Spring Framework targets to make J2EE development easier to use and promotes 
   good proramming practices by enabling POJO - based programming model
   POJO - Plain Old Java Object

Spring is a wrapper around java
manage the objects inside the wrapper
design a wrapped
these objects can be injected whenever 
required

Dependency injection is invented for this

it was leveraged 

integration modules, etc ... incorportated as a direct capability
or indirect capability
How applications are running in legacy struts framework
Spring frameworks and makes the dependency injection possible in legacy frameworkds

It now becomes a powerful framework, captive framework

Reactive programming with micro services in mind.
i
frp Spring 2.5, meta
Spring 3 onwards, java configuration based

Spring framework was primarily developed as independent dependency injection

Website: spring.io
If you want to learn spring, there are lot of examples on hte website
depending on the domain or project, many modules/applications are there

axccording to our need, we have a solution in Spring Framework.
Spring is modular by design.
Looking at Sprint Framework - current version is 5.3.4
We can see what features are added in
mostly concentrated in "Web Reactive" and Languages like "Kotlin"

This is brief intro about Spring boot
We can write test cases easily "setter injection"
Platform transaction manager
it can be able to to provide distributive
if we are using JPA for undertlying transaction

If you use Hibernated transaction manager, JPA transaction manager.
depending on what you are using.
Platform transaction manager 

Legacy projects are integrated to Spring Framework, because of two 
features, to and to get powerful
CApability and
Spring simplifies over other frameworks
Q. Why it is easily integrated?

assume Struts Application
In Struts or 

Using Edraw Max
Assume Action Classes, Service Classes, DAO
--------------------------------------------------
Business Model

	Action  ----> Services  ---->     DAO
	Classes <----           <-----
--------------------------------------------------

Object creation is very costly, if object creation is
not created properly. There will be a problem, heap 
exceptions, 

In this scenarion
Spring Framework, Spring is given Wrapper Class, that is a delegator class

no delegating proxy, add spring delegator here.
This spring delegator will read all the application specific classes from
memory and register into the application context

--------------------------------------------------
Business Model

      Application Context
	  ^             |                 |
      |             V                 V
	Action  ----> Services  ---->     DAO
	Classes <----           <-----
--------------------------------------------------


Create a legacy Spring project
Spring Legacy Project



