
04/17/2020 Friday
Snapshot of Questions (total 37 Q)

1. What is an additional way to secure the AWS accounts of both the root account and
   new users alike?
2. Which of the following is not a component of IAM?
3. Which statement best describes IAM?
4. In what language are policy documents written?
5. What is the default level of access a newly created IAM User is granted?
6. Which of the following is not a feature of IAM?
7. You have a client who is considering a move to AWS. In establishing a new
   account, what is the first thing the company should do?
8. A new employee has just started work, and it is your job to give her
   administrator access to the AWS console. You have given her a user name, an
   access key ID, a secret access key, and you have generated a password for her.
   She is now able to log in to the AWS console, but she is unable to interact with
   any AWS services. What should you do next?
9. What level of access does the "root" account have?
10. You are a solutions architect working for a large engineering company that are
   moving from a legacy infrastructure to AWS. You have configured the company's
   first AWS account and you have set up IAM. Your company is based in Andorra, but
   there will be a small subsidiary operating out of South Korea, so that office
   will need its own AWS environment. Which of the following statements is true?
11. You are a security administrator working for a hotel chain. You have a new
   member of staff who has started as a systems administrator, and she will need
   full access to the AWS console. You have created the user account and generated
   the access key id and the secret access key. You have moved this user into the
   group where the other administrators are, and you have provided the new user
   with their secret access key and their access key id. However, when she tries to
   log in to the AWS console, she cannot. Why might that be?
12. Every user you create in the IAM systems starts with ________.
13. A __________ is a document that provides a formal statement of one or more
   permissions.
14. You have created a new AWS account for your company, and you have also
   configured multi-factor authentication on the root account. You are about to
   create your new users. What strategy should you consider in order to ensure that
   there is good security on this account.
15. You have been asked to advise on a scaling concern. The client has an elegant
   solution that works well. As the information base grows they use CloudFormation
   to spin up another stack made up of an S3 bucket and supporting compute
   instances. The trigger for creating a new stack is when the PUT rate approaches
   100 PUTs per second. The problem is that as the business grows that number of
   buckets is growing into the hundreds and will soon be in the thousands. You have
   been asked what can be done to reduce the number of buckets without changing the
   basic architecture.
16. You have uploaded a file to S3. Which HTTP code would indicate that the upload
   was successful?
17. What is Amazon Glacier?
18. You work for a health insurance company that amasses a large number of patients'
   health records. Each record will be used once when assessing a customer, and
   will then need to be securely stored for a period of 7 years. In some rare
   cases, you may need to retrieve this data within 24 hours of a claim being
   lodged. Given these requirements, which type of AWS storage would deliver the
   least expensive solution?
19. The difference between S3 and EBS is that EBS is object-based whereas S3 is
   block-based.
20. What is the availability of S3 – OneZone-IA?
21. One of your users is trying to upload a 7.5GB file to S3. However, they keep
   getting the following error message: "Your proposed upload exceeds the maximum
   allowed object size.". What solution to this problem does AWS recommend?
22. You run a popular photo-sharing website that depends on S3 to store content.
   Paid advertising is your primary source of revenue. However, you have discovered
   that other websites are linking directly to the images in your buckets, not to
   the HTML pages that serve the content. This means that people are not seeing the
   paid advertising, and you are paying AWS unnecessarily to serve content directly
   from S3. How might you resolve this issue?
23. AWS S3 has four different URLs styles that it can be used to access content in
   S3.  The Virtual Hosted Style URL, the Path-Style Access URL, the Static web
   site URL, and the Legacy Global Endpoint URL.  Which of these represents a
   correct formatting of the  Virtual Hosted Style URL  style
24. You work for a major news network in Europe. They have just released a new
   mobile app that allows users to post their photos of newsworthy events in
   real-time, which are then reviewed by your editors before being copied to your
   website and made public. Your organization expects this app to grow very
   quickly, essentially doubling its user base each month. The app uses S3 to store
   the images, and you are expecting sudden and sizable increases in traffic to S3
   when a major news event takes place (as users will be uploading large amounts of
   content.) You need to keep your storage costs to a minimum, and it does not
   matter if some objects are lost. With these factors in mind, which storage media
   should you use to keep costs as low as possible?
25. How many S3 buckets can I have per account by default?
26. You work for a busy digital marketing company who currently store their data
   on-premise. They are looking to migrate to AWS S3 and to store their data in
   buckets. Each bucket will be named after their individual customers, followed by
   a random series of letters and numbers. Once written to S3 the data is rarely
   changed, as it has already been sent to the end customer for them to use as they
   see fit. However, on some occasions, customers may need certain files updated
   quickly, and this may be for work that has been done months or even years ago.
   You would need to be able to access this data immediately to make changes in
   that case, but you must also keep your storage costs extremely low. The data is
   not easily reproducible if lost. Which S3 storage class should you choose to
   minimize costs and to maximize retrieval times?
27. What is the availability of objects stored in S3?
28. S3 has what consistency model for PUTS of new objects?
29. What does S3 stand for?
30. You are a solutions architect who works with a large digital media company. The
   company has decided that they want to operate within the Japanese region and
   they need a bucket called "testbucket" set up immediately to test their web
   application on. You log in to the AWS console and try to create this bucket in
   the Japanese region however you are told that the bucket name is already taken.
31. What should you do to resolve this?
32. What is AWS Storage Gateway?

I need improvement in the following questions

What you should review
1. When you create a new user, that user ________.
2. Using SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0), you can give your federated
users single sign-on (SSO) access to the AWS Management Console.
3. Power User Access allows ________.
4. You run a meme creation website where users can create memes and then download
them for use on their own sites. The original images are stored in S3 and each
meme's metadata in DynamoDB. You need to decide upon a low-cost storage option
for the memes, themselves. If a meme object is unavailable or lost, a Lambda
function will automatically recreate it using the original file from S3 and the
metadata from DynamoDB. Which storage solution should you use to store the
non-critical, easily reproducible memes in the most cost-effective way?
5. S3 has eventual consistency for which HTTP Methods?
6. What is the minimum file size that I can store on S3?

Question 28:
AWS S3 has four different URLs styles that it can be used to access content in 
S3.  The Virtual Hosted Style URL, the Path-Style Access URL, the Static web 
site URL, and the Legacy Global Endpoint URL.  Which of these represents a 
correct formatting of the  Virtual Hosted Style URL  style

Solution: Virtual style puts your bucket name 1st, s3 2nd, and the region 3rd. 
Path style puts s3 1st and your bucket as a sub domain. Legacy Global endpoint 
has no region. S3 static hosting can be your own domain or your bucket name 
1st, s3-website 2nd, followed by the region. AWS are in the process of phasing 
out Path style, and support for Legacy Global Endpoint format is limited and 
discouraged. However it is still useful to be able to recognize them should 
they show up in logs. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/VirtualHosting.html
